strict mirror check option (#79)
lagged/apt-spy2: README.md

### check command

> `check` works like `list`, but also determines if the servers returned are working. It supports Launchpad as well. It supports a flag `--strict` which will only return mirrors with more strict criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`check` works like `list`, but also determines if the servers returned are working. It supports the flag `--launchpad` as well and additionally a flag `--strict` which checks if a mirror carries a certain release and distribution.
```
